craid/dashbd/text/aboutClub.md, before:


## About The Club

>We are about to be wiped out. A hostile race has been constructing a means of controlling the entire galaxy, and we are in the way. Our leadership thinks that they can 
beat these aliens in a shooting war, but are wrong. If we win the war, they will unleash a super-weapon against us, and we will become another extinct species. We do i
have one hope, but it is very well hidden. -- *[The Holdstock Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MPw1EzRmor2TvRw97QvB8lNTcBT2XffrMuMwEOAXaW8/edit)*

### Who

We've identified 46 minor factions that were shown in *The Holdstock Report*
to be part of Club operations.  While many more connections exist than are indicated
on the diagram, attempting to draw them produces something closely resembling a plate of spaghetti.

![Diagram of Club-Related Minor Factions](https://github.com/HausReport/ClubRaiders/raw/master/info/club-diagram-640.png)
[Larger version available here.](https://github.com/HausReport/ClubRaiders/raw/master/info/My%20Club%20Diagram.png)

These factions operate in around 200 systems, mostly in the "Galactic Bubble."

### What

Disrupt their operations.  Reduce their influence.  Stop their daily expansions into
new systems, and ultimately beat them back to their home systems.

*Club Raiders* was built to help single Commanders, small groups, large groups, and alliances of
squadrons identify, engage, and eradicate Club factions operating near you.  Tell us
where you are and what you want to do, we'll supply places it can actively work against
Club interests.

### Where

Club factions span the galaxy from Sirius Corporation in Sothis, 352 light years west of Sol
to Gallant Investment Brokers in Exphiay, 283 light years to the east.

### When

On your timeline.  There is no organization built into *Club Raiders*, do what you 
want when you want, and how you want.  That said, we're exploring ways to facilitate
communication and matchmaking between players who want it.  We expect to have a Discord
link up shortly as well as a discussion thread on the Frontier forums.

### Why

The Club is one of the three pillars of *Elite: Dangerous* lore.  The novels and 
GalNet (RIP) are full of references to The Club's pivotal role to the Galaxy's near
future.

> Perhaps the key to our survival lies in exposing the shadowy Club, and freeing humanity 
>from its restrictions. Perhaps the way to do that is to rise up and rebel against the 
>corporations; or locate the Dark Wheel. Perhaps even the legends of Raxxla can help. 

Does it make sense to wrap fighting the Club into the day-to-day operations we spend
so much time on?  Should you kick that pesky Club faction out of your squadron's home
system or near neighbor?  The future is up to you, Commander.  Fly dangerous.

Commit message:

regions+news, faction details on about page, some oracle additions

craid/dashbd/text/aboutClub.md, after:


## About The Club

>We are about to be wiped out. A hostile race has been constructing a means of controlling the entire galaxy, and we are in the way. Our leadership thinks that they can 
beat these aliens in a shooting war, but are wrong. If we win the war, they will unleash a super-weapon against us, and we will become another extinct species. We do i
have one hope, but it is very well hidden. -- *[The Holdstock Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MPw1EzRmor2TvRw97QvB8lNTcBT2XffrMuMwEOAXaW8/edit)*

### Who

We've identified 46 minor factions that were shown in *The Holdstock Report*
to be part of Club operations.  While many more connections exist than are indicated
on the diagram, attempting to draw them produces something closely resembling a plate of spaghetti.

![Diagram of Club-Related Minor Factions](https://github.com/HausReport/ClubRaiders/raw/master/info/club-diagram-640.png)
[Larger version available here.](https://github.com/HausReport/ClubRaiders/raw/master/info/My%20Club%20Diagram.png)

These factions operate in around 200 systems, mostly in the "Galactic Bubble."

### What

Disrupt their operations.  Reduce their influence.  Stop their daily expansions into
new systems, and ultimately beat them back to their home systems.

*Club Raiders* was built to help single Commanders, small groups, large groups, and alliances of
squadrons identify, engage, and eradicate Club factions operating nearby.  Tell us
where you are and what you want to do, we'll supply places it can actively work against
Club interests.

### Where

Club factions span the galaxy from Sirius Corporation in Sothis, 352 light years west of Sol
to Gallant Investment Brokers in Exphiay, 283 light years to the east.  Most of their activity
is localized to seven spherical regions around Merope, "The Rectangle", The California Nebula, 
Sirius, Xi Shan, Abroin, and HIP 51652.


### When

On your timeline.  There is no organization built into *Club Raiders*, do what you 
want when you want, and how you want.  That said, we're exploring ways to facilitate
communication and matchmaking between players who want it.  We expect to have a Discord
link up shortly as well as a discussion thread on the Frontier forums.

### Why

The Club is one of the three pillars of *Elite: Dangerous* lore.  The novels and 
GalNet (RIP) are full of references to The Club's pivotal role to the Galaxy's near
future.

> Perhaps the key to our survival lies in exposing the shadowy Club, and freeing humanity 
>from its restrictions. Perhaps the way to do that is to rise up and rebel against the 
>corporations; or locate the Dark Wheel. Perhaps even the legends of Raxxla can help. 

Does it make sense to wrap fighting the Club into the day-to-day operations we spend
so much time on?  Should you kick that pesky Club faction out of your squadron's home
system or near neighbor?  The future is up to you, Commander.  Fly dangerous.

### Per-Faction Details
